What is PostgreSQL?
It is an object-relational database management system, combining the features of 
relational database with object-oriented design.

What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?
SQL is a language used to interact with databases,
 while PostgreSQL is a specific database system that 
 uses SQL to manage and query data.
 PostgreSQL supports Python (back end), PHP, Perl, C, C++, 
 Delphi, Java, JavaScript (Node. js), and more.
SQL Server is more limited, offering support for Java(front end),
JavaScript (Node. js), C++, PHP, Python,.

In psql, how do you connect to a database?
Opening the terminal, replacing the database name with the
database name the user wants to connect. 
After connected, a message with a confirmation will show in 
the terminal.
The user need to know the name of target database, 
the host name and port number of the server to connect.

What is the difference between HAVING and WHERE?
It's how and when they are used:
Where: to filter rows before grouping. Applies conditions to 
individual rows, and Having: filter groups after the aggregation 
(after grouping using SUM, COUNT, etc.)

What is the difference between an INNER and OUTER join?
in SQL lies in how they handle unmatched rows from tables being joined 
INNER JOIN: Returns only the rows where there is a match 
between the two tables, excluding rows that do not have 
matching values in the joined columns.
OUTER JOIN: Includes rows with and without matches, depending
on the type of outer join, it can be left join, right join, or 
full join returning with NULL in place for unmatched rows from 
either side.

What is the difference between a LEFT OUTER and RIGHT OUTER join?
LEFT OUTER: join returns all rows from the "left" table, including any unmatched rows from the "right" table.
RIGHT OUTER: join returns all rows from the "right" table, including any unmatched rows from the "left" table.

What is an ORM? What do they do?
An ORM (Object-Relational Mapping) is a language, that connects a relational database management system (RDBMS) with an object-oriented programming language (OOPL)instead of writing raw SQL queries.

What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX and from the server side using a library like requests?
Ajax calls allow a website to update part of its content \ without needing to reload the page. differently of a normal HTTP request, we do not have to wait for the server response from our request to continue interacting with the website.

What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?
CSRF stands for Cross-Site Request Forgery, which is a web security vulnerability where the malicious site sends a crafted request to the trusted site, using the victim's credentials. CSRF token: it's an unique, secret value (including letters) generated by the server and embedded in forms or requests preventing attacks.

What is the purpose of form.hidden_tag()?
the purpose is to generates a hidden field that includes a token used to protect the form against CSRF attacks. It makes flask more secure against attacks.